Install the Product Offer Shipment feature (#1924)
spryker/spryker-docs: _includes/pbc/all/install-features/202304.0/marketplace/install-the-marketplace-product-offer-feature.md

| Merchant.status                            | property | created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/MerchantTransfer                       |

{% endinfo_block %}

### 3) Add translations

Generate a new translation cache for Zed:

```bash
console translator:generate-cache
```

### 4) Configure export to Redis and Elasticsearch

To configure export to Redis and Elasticsearch, take the following steps:

#### Set up publisher plugins:

| PLUGIN                                                  | SPECIFICATION                                                                                                                                 | PREREQUISITES | NAMESPACE                                                                                          |
|---------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | ProductConcreteProductOffersDeletePublisherPlugin       | Finds and deletes product concrete offer storage entities by the given concreteSkus.                                                          |               | Spryker\Zed\ProductOfferStorage\Communication\Plugin\Publisher\ProductConcreteOffers               |

Reviewer: We have to add the following missed plugins:
* ProductConcreteProductOffersStoreDeletePublisherPlugin
* ProductConcreteProductOffersStoreWritePublisherPlugin
* ProductOfferStoreDeletePublisherPlugin
* ProductOfferStoreWritePublisherPlugin
* ProductOfferPublisherTriggerPlugin
* MerchantProductOfferProductConcreteExpanderPlugin
* DefaultProductOfferStorageCollectionSorterPlugin

            new ProductConcreteProductOffersStoreDeletePublisherPlugin(),
        ];
    }

    /**
     * @return list<\Spryker\Zed\PublisherExtension\Dependency\Plugin\PublisherPluginInterface>
     */
    protected function getMerchantProductOfferStoragePlugins(): array
    {
        return [
            new MerchantProductConcreteProductOfferWritePublisherPlugin(),
            new MerchantProductOfferWritePublisherPlugin(),
        ];
    }

    /**
     * @return list<\Spryker\Zed\PublisherExtension\Dependency\Plugin\PublisherPluginInterface>
     */
    protected function getMerchantProductOfferSearchPlugins(): array
    {
        return [
            new ProductOfferProductConcreteWritePublisherPlugin(),
            new ProductOfferStoreProductConcreteWritePublisherPlugin(),
        ];
    }
    
     /**
     * @return array<\Spryker\Zed\PublisherExtension\Dependency\Plugin\PublisherTriggerPluginInterface>
     */
    protected function getPublisherTriggerPlugins(): array
    {
        return [
            new ProductOfferPublisherTriggerPlugin(),
        ];
    }
}
```
</details>

#### Set up event listeners

> 

Reviewer 2: add intro sentence, for example: 
```suggestion

1. Set up the following plugins:

```

**src/Pyz/Zed/Event/EventDependencyProvider.php**

```php
<?php

namespace Pyz\Zed\Event;

use Spryker\Zed\Event\EventDependencyProvider as SprykerEventDependencyProvider;
use Spryker\Zed\MerchantProductOfferSearch\Communication\Plugin\Event\Subscriber\MerchantProductOfferSearchEventSubscriber;
use Spryker\Zed\MerchantProductOfferSearch\Communication\Plugin\Event\Subscriber\MerchantSearchEventSubscriber;

class EventDependencyProvider extends SprykerEventDependencyProvider
{
    /**
     * @return \Spryker\Zed\Event\Dependency\EventSubscriberCollectionInterface
     */
    public function getEventSubscriberCollection(): EventSubscriberCollectionInterface
    {
        $eventSubscriberCollection = parent::getEventSubscriberCollection();
        $eventSubscriberCollection->add(new MerchantSearchEventSubscriber());
        $eventSubscriberCollection->add(new MerchantProductOfferSearchEventSubscriber());

        return $eventSubscriberCollection;
    }
}
```

> Register the synchronization queue and synchronization error queue:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Register the synchronization queue and synchronization error queue:
```

| SynchronizationStorageQueueMessageProcessorPlugin | Configures all merchant product offers to sync with Redis storage and marks messages as failed in case of error. |               | Spryker\Zed\Synchronization\Communication\Plugin\Queue |

**src/Pyz/Zed/Queue/QueueDependencyProvider.php**

```php
<?php

namespace Pyz\Zed\Queue;

use Spryker\Shared\ProductOfferStorage\ProductOfferStorageConfig;
use Spryker\Zed\Kernel\Container;
use Spryker\Zed\Queue\QueueDependencyProvider as SprykerDependencyProvider;
use Spryker\Zed\Synchronization\Communication\Plugin\Queue\SynchronizationStorageQueueMessageProcessorPlugin;

class QueueDependencyProvider extends SprykerDependencyProvider
{
    /**
     * @param \Spryker\Zed\Kernel\Container $container
     *
     * @return array<string, \Spryker\Zed\Queue\Dependency\Plugin\QueueMessageProcessorPluginInterface>
     */
    protected function getProcessorMessagePlugins(Container $container): array
    {
        return [
            ProductOfferStorageConfig::PRODUCT_OFFER_SYNC_STORAGE_QUEUE => new SynchronizationStorageQueueMessageProcessorPlugin(),
        ];
    }
}
```

> #### Set up, re-generate, and re-sync features

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Set up, regenerate, and resync features
```

> | PLUGIN                                                              | SPECIFICATION                                                       | PREREQUISITES | NAMESPACE                                                            |

Reviewer 2: We have more than one step in this section. Add the intro step here. For example:
```suggestion
1. Set up the following plugins:

| PLUGIN                                                              | SPECIFICATION                                                       | PREREQUISITES | NAMESPACE                                                            |
```

{
    /**
     * @return list<\Spryker\Zed\SynchronizationExtension\Dependency\Plugin\SynchronizationDataPluginInterface>
     */
    protected function getSynchronizationDataPlugins(): array
    {
        return [
            new ProductConcreteProductOffersSynchronizationDataBulkRepositoryPlugin(),
            new ProductOfferSynchronizationDataBulkRepositoryPlugin(),
        ];
    }
}
```

Configure synchronization storage:

**src/Pyz/Zed/ProductOfferStorage/ProductOfferStorageConfig.php**

```php
<?php

namespace Pyz\Zed\ProductOfferStorage;

use Pyz\Zed\Synchronization\SynchronizationConfig;
use Spryker\Shared\Publisher\PublisherConfig;
use Spryker\Zed\ProductOfferStorage\ProductOfferStorageConfig as SprykerProductOfferStorageConfig;

class ProductOfferStorageConfig extends SprykerProductOfferStorageConfig
{
    /**
     * @return string|null
     */
    public function getMerchantProductOfferSynchronizationPoolName(): ?string
    {
        return SynchronizationConfig::DEFAULT_SYNCHRONIZATION_POOL_NAME;
    }

    /**
     * @return string|null
     */
    public function getEventQueueName(): ?string
    {
        return PublisherConfig::PUBLISH_QUEUE;
    }
}
```

> Configure synchronization search

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Configure synchronization search
```

{
    /**
     * @return string|null
     */
    public function getMerchantEventQueueName(): ?string
    {
        return PublisherConfig::PUBLISH_QUEUE;
    }

    /**
     * @return string|null
     */
    public function getMerchantProductOfferEventQueueName(): ?string
    {
        return PublisherConfig::PUBLISH_QUEUE;
    }
}
```

Product feature setup 

**src/Pyz/Zed/Product/ProductDependencyProvider.php**

```php
<?php

namespace Pyz\Zed\Product;

use Spryker\Zed\MerchantProductOffer\Communication\Plugin\Product\MerchantProductOfferProductConcreteExpanderPlugin;
use Spryker\Zed\Product\ProductDependencyProvider as SprykerProductDependencyProvider;

class ProductDependencyProvider extends SprykerProductDependencyProvider
{
    /**
     * @return array<\Spryker\Zed\ProductExtension\Dependency\Plugin\ProductConcreteExpanderPluginInterface>
     */
    protected function getProductConcreteExpanderPlugins(): array
    {
        return [
            new MerchantProductOfferProductConcreteExpanderPlugin(),
        ];
    }
}
```

{% info_block warningBox "Verification" %}

Make sure that after setting up the event listeners, the following commands do the following:

> 1. `console sync:data product_concrete_product_offers` exports data from `spy_product_concrete_product_offers_storage` table to Redis.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. `console sync:data product_concrete_product_offers` exports data from the `spy_product_concrete_product_offers_storage` table to Redis.
```

2. `console sync:data product_offer` exports data from `spy_product_offer_storage` table to Redis.

> Make sure that when the following entities get updated via the ORM, the corresponding Redis keys have the correct values.

Reviewer 2: Use "through" instead of "via"
```suggestion
Make sure that when the following entities get updated through the ORM, the corresponding Redis keys have the correct values.
```

offer412,113_29885591,MER000002,,1,approved
offer413,118_29804739,MER000005,,1,approved
offer414,118_29804739,MER000002,,1,approved
offer415,112_312526171,MER000005,,1,approved
offer416,112_306918001,MER000002,,1,approved
offer417,112_312526191,MER000005,,1,approved
offer418,112_312526172,MER000002,,1,approved
```
</details>

| COLUMN                  | REQUIRED     | DATA TYPE | DATA EXAMPLE  | DATA EXPLANATION                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
|-------------------------|--------------|-----------|---------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | product_offer_reference | &check;      | string    | offer1        | Product offer reference that will be referenced to this merchant.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer 2: avoid predicting the future (future tenses). You can rewrite it like this
```suggestion
| product_offer_reference | &check;      | string    | offer1        | Product offer identifier that references to this merchant.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
```

| Spryker Core         | {{page.version}} | [Spryker Core feature integration](/docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/{{page.version}}/spryker-core-feature-integration.html)                                                          |
| Marketplace Merchant | {{page.version}} | [Marketplace Merchant feature integration](/docs/pbc/all/merchant-management/{{page.version}}/marketplace/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-marketplace-merchant-feature.html) |

### 1) Install the required modules using Composer

If installed before, not needed.

{% info_block warningBox "Verification" %}

Verify that the following modules were installed:

| MODULE                              | EXPECTED DIRECTORY                                   |
|-------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| MerchantProductOfferWidget          | spryker-shop/merchant-product-offer-widget           |
| MerchantProductOfferWidgetExtension | spryker-shop/merchant-product-offer-widget-extension |
| ProductOfferWidget                  | spryker-shop/product-offer-widget                    |

{% endinfo_block %}

### 2) Add Translations

> Append glossary according to your configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Append glossary according to your configuration:
```

```php
<?php

namespace Pyz\Yves\ShopApplication;

use SprykerShop\Yves\MerchantProductOfferWidget\Widget\MerchantProductOffersSelectWidget;
use SprykerShop\Yves\MerchantProductOfferWidget\Widget\MerchantProductOfferWidget;
use SprykerShop\Yves\ShopApplication\ShopApplicationDependencyProvider as SprykerShopApplicationDependencyProvider;

class ShopApplicationDependencyProvider extends SprykerShopApplicationDependencyProvider
{
    /**
     * @return list<string>
     */
    protected function getGlobalWidgets(): array
    {
        return [
            MerchantProductOfferWidget::class,
            MerchantProductOffersSelectWidget::class,
        ];
    }
}
```

Enable Javascript and CSS changes:

```bash
console frontend:yves:build
```

{% info_block warningBox "Verification" %}

Make sure that the following widgets were registered:

| MODULE                            | TEST                                                                                                                               |
|-----------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | MerchantProductOfferWidget        | Go to a product concrete detail page that has offers, and you will see the default offer is selected, and the widget is displayed. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| MerchantProductOfferWidget        | Go to a product concrete details page that has product offers and check if the default offer is selected and the widget is displayed. |
```

| MerchantProductOfferProductQuickAddFormExpanderPlugin | Expands `ProductQuickAddForm` with `product_offer_reference` hidden field. |               | SprykerShop\Yves\MerchantProductOfferWidget\Plugin\ProductSearchWidget |

**src/Pyz/Yves/ProductSearchWidget/ProductSearchWidgetDependencyProvider.php**

```php
<?php

namespace Pyz\Yves\ProductSearchWidget;

use SprykerShop\Yves\MerchantProductOfferWidget\Plugin\ProductSearchWidget\MerchantProductOfferProductQuickAddFormExpanderPlugin;
use SprykerShop\Yves\ProductSearchWidget\ProductSearchWidgetDependencyProvider as SprykerProductSearchWidgetDependencyProvider;

class ProductSearchWidgetDependencyProvider extends SprykerProductSearchWidgetDependencyProvider
{
    /**
     * @return list<\SprykerShop\Yves\ProductSearchWidgetExtension\Dependency\Plugin\ProductQuickAddFormExpanderPluginInterface>
     */
    protected function getProductQuickAddFormExpanderPlugins(): array
    {
        return [
            new MerchantProductOfferProductQuickAddFormExpanderPlugin(),
        ];
    }
}
```

## Related features

> | FEATURE                                              | REQUIRED FOR THE CURRENT FEATURE | INTEGRATION GUIDE                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer 2: Review the list of features and make sure that the links are correct. Some of these features were moved to PBC, and their respective IGs are now located in PBC as well.
